pages/whitepapers.md, before:

---
title: Enterprise .NET open-source ecommerce cloud platform. Terms
description: Enterprise .NET open-source ecommerce cloud platform. Terms
date: 2017-06-14
permalink: whitepapers
---
<article role="main" class="main">
    <div class="for-business __responsive">
        <h1 class="head-title" style="line-height: normal;">Whitepapers</h1>
        <div class="advantages">
            <ul class="list">
                <li class="list-item">
                    <a href="/download-b2b-whitepaper"><img alt="Top 5 B2B challenges and solutions" src="../assets/images/whitepaper-download.png" /></a>
                    <p class="title"><a href="/download-b2b-whitepaper">Top 5 B2B challenges and solutions</a></p>
                    <p>B2B ecommerce has specific business model and process challenges which require customized solutions or special software platform. In this whitepaper we'll provide top 5 challenges that B2B ecommerce websites face and their best solutions. </p>
                    <a href="/download-b2b-whitepaper" class="button fill" style="width: 200px;">Download</a>
                </li>
                <li class="list-item">
                    <a href="/download-whitepaper"><img alt="5 Cloud Edition Benefits Whitepaper" src="../assets/images/whitepaper-download.png" /></a>
                    <p class="title"><a href="/download-whitepaper">5 Cloud Edition Benefits Whitepaper</a></p>
                    <p>Every ecommerce company is looking for ways to grow sales, improve go-to-market speed and accelerate performance. In this whitepaper we'll provide 5 insights and key benefits of the switch to cloud ecommerce solution. </p>
                    <a href="/download-whitepaper" class="button fill" style="width: 200px;">Download</a>
                </li>
                <li class="list-item">
                    <a href="/migration-whitepaper"><img alt="Common pains of eCommerce websites migration and how to avoid them" src="../assets/images/whitepaper-download.png" /></a>
                    <p class="title"><a href="/migration-whitepaper">Common pains of eCommerce websites migration and how to avoid them</a></p>
                    <p>This Virto Commerce whitepaper provides insight on how to avoid and overcome the typical ecommerce platform migration problems. </p>
                    <a href="/migration-whitepaper" class="button fill" style="width: 200px;">Download</a>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>
    </div>
    {% include 'technologies' %}
</article>

Commit message:

Added SEO title and description for whitepapers page

pages/whitepapers.md, after:

---
title: Ecommerce whitepapers from Virto Commerce
description: Ecommerce whitepapers from Virto Commerce
date: 2017-06-14
permalink: whitepapers
---
<article role="main" class="main">
    <div class="for-business __responsive">
        <h1 class="head-title" style="line-height: normal;">Whitepapers</h1>
        <div class="advantages">
            <ul class="list">
                <li class="list-item">
                    <a href="/download-b2b-whitepaper"><img alt="Top 5 B2B challenges and solutions" src="../assets/images/whitepaper-download.png" /></a>
                    <p class="title"><a href="/download-b2b-whitepaper">Top 5 B2B challenges and solutions</a></p>
                    <p>B2B ecommerce has specific business model and process challenges which require customized solutions or special software platform. In this whitepaper we'll provide top 5 challenges that B2B ecommerce websites face and their best solutions. </p>
                    <a href="/download-b2b-whitepaper" class="button fill" style="width: 200px;">Download</a>
                </li>
                <li class="list-item">
                    <a href="/download-whitepaper"><img alt="5 Cloud Edition Benefits Whitepaper" src="../assets/images/whitepaper-download.png" /></a>
                    <p class="title"><a href="/download-whitepaper">5 Cloud Edition Benefits Whitepaper</a></p>
                    <p>Every ecommerce company is looking for ways to grow sales, improve go-to-market speed and accelerate performance. In this whitepaper we'll provide 5 insights and key benefits of the switch to cloud ecommerce solution. </p>
                    <a href="/download-whitepaper" class="button fill" style="width: 200px;">Download</a>
                </li>
                <li class="list-item">
                    <a href="/migration-whitepaper"><img alt="Common pains of eCommerce websites migration and how to avoid them" src="../assets/images/whitepaper-download.png" /></a>
                    <p class="title"><a href="/migration-whitepaper">Common pains of eCommerce websites migration and how to avoid them</a></p>
                    <p>This Virto Commerce whitepaper provides insight on how to avoid and overcome the typical ecommerce platform migration problems. </p>
                    <a href="/migration-whitepaper" class="button fill" style="width: 200px;">Download</a>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>
    </div>
    {% include 'technologies' %}
</article>
