---
title: Enterprise .NET open-source ecommerce cloud platform. Commercial lisense
description: Enterprise .NET open-source ecommerce cloud platform. Commercial lisense
date: 2014-01-30
permalink: legal/terms/commercial-subscription-license
tags : 
- open-source-license
- license
- commerce
---
<article role="main" class="main">
	<div class="for-business __responsive">
		<h1 class="head-title">Virto Commerce Enterprise Subscription Agreement</h1>
<p>This Enterprise Edition Subscription Agreement (this "<strong>Agreement</strong>") is agreed to between Virto Software Ltd. ("<strong>VIRTO</strong>"), and the Licensee (as defined in the Order Form) by executing this Agreement or by otherwise indicating assent to these terms or this Agreement. If Licensee does not agree with all of these terms and conditions, Licensee shall not install, copy or otherwise use the Software. The parties hereby agree as follows:</p>
<h4>1. DEFINITIONS</h4>
<p>"<strong>Affiliate</strong>" of a party means an entity or person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such party, where "Control" means possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that party through direct or indirect: (a) majority ownership; or (b) ownership sufficient to be deemed a controlling interest. An entity shall be deemed an affiliate for only so long as such Control exists.</p>
<p>"<strong>Agreement</strong>" has the meaning set forth above and includes any other governing agreement (whether written or click through) that references this Agreement, any applicable Order Forms, and other terms and conditions incorporated by reference.</p>
<p>"<strong>Analytics Data</strong>" means the data Licensee collects, processes or stores using a data analytics service (e.g., New Relic, Google Analytics) concerning the characteristics and activities of Visitors (defined below).</p>
<p>"<strong>Current Pricing</strong>" means the pricing as forth in the VIRTO rate card as of the Term Start Date (as defined in the Order Form) or on the date of any renewal of this Agreement, as applicable.</p>
<p>"<strong>IP Rights</strong>" means (a) all rights under all copyright laws of the United States and all other countries for the full terms thereof (or all rights accruing by virtue of copyright treaties and conventions), including, but not limited to, all renewals, extensions, reversions or restorations of copyrights now or hereafter provided by law and all rights to make applications for and obtain copyright registrations; (b) all rights to and under inventions, discoveries, designs, technology and art and all other patentable and non-patentable subject matter and all applications for and the right to make applications for patents in the United States and all other countries, all patents that issue therefrom and all reissues, extensions, renewals, divisions and continuations (including continuations-in-part) thereof, for the full term; (c) all information protected by trade secret law; and (d) all intellectual property rights other than trademarks, service marks and domain names under the laws of any jurisdiction.</p>
<p>"<strong>VIRTO</strong> <strong>Software</strong>" shall mean VIRTO's commerce software currently marketed as the "VIRTO Enterprise Edition" software as described on the VIRTO website (http://virtocommerce.com or such subsequent website designated by VIRTO), provided primarily in source code, including related documentation, and all Updates thereof furnished to Licensee as part of Support Services.</p>
<p>"<strong>Modifications</strong>" shall mean any modification, supplement, enhancement, addition or derivative work of the Software developed by Licensee (or any third party on behalf of Licensee), including without limitation, any software related to the configuration, integration, implementation, or localizations to the external layer of the Software.</p>
<p>"<strong>Online Revenues</strong>" shall mean the total US Dollar value of all transactions for goods in a calendar year generated through the Licensee's use or prospective use of the VIRTO Software, after application of all applicable shopping cart discounts and promotions identified by Licensee as part of the transaction within the VIRTO Software. Taxes are excluded from the Online Revenues.</p>
<p>"<strong>Open Source Software</strong>" shall mean the software listed or otherwise identified as open source software in the Software or documentation by links or otherwise, as may be amended by VIRTO from time to time.</p>
<p>"<strong>Order Form</strong>" shall mean VIRTO's order form pursuant to which Licensee orders VIRTO products and services, which describes, among other things, the term ("Term") of the Subscription and applicable fees.</p>
<p>"<strong>Personal Information</strong>" or "<strong>Personal Data</strong>" shall mean data by which a Visitor may be personally identified, including such Visitor's name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number and any other information Licensee collects, including that which is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under applicable Privacy and Data Security Laws.</p>
<p>"<strong>Privacy and Data Security Laws</strong>" means all domestic and international privacy and data protection laws, rules, regulations, best practices and regulatory guidance relating to privacy, data security, cybersecurity and Personal Information.</p>
<p>"<strong>Site(s)</strong>" means any website, other related mobile websites, services, tools and other applications owned and operated by Licensee, subject to the limit on authorized Unique Domains as set forth in an applicable Order Form.</p>
<p>"<strong>Software</strong>" shall mean the VIRTO Software and the Open Source Software, including related documentation, and all Updates thereof furnished to Licensee as part of Support Services.</p>
<p>"<strong>Subscription</strong>" means the purchase by Licensee of a VIRTO Enterprise Edition subscription, including, among other things, a license to use the VIRTO Software.</p>
<p>"<strong>Transaction Data</strong>" shall mean anonymized and tokenized transaction records or other information created or derived from Licensee's transaction processing undertaken pursuant to this Agreement. Transaction Data shall not be deemed to constitute confidential information of Licensee even if such transaction data was derived from confidential information disclosed by Licensee.</p>
<p>"<strong>Unique Domain</strong>" shall mean any unique combination of a top-level domain and a second level domain. By way of example, in the domain name “virtocommerce.com", “virtocommerce" is the second-level domain and ".com" is the top-level domain.</p>
<p>"<strong>Updates</strong>" means any update, upgrade, release or other adaptation or modification of the VIRTO Software, including any updated documentation, that VIRTO may provide to Licensee from time to time during the Term, which may contain, among other things, error corrections, enhancements, improvements or other changes to the user interface, functionality, compatibility, capabilities, performance, efficiency or quality of the VIRTO Software. For the avoidance of doubt, Updates do not include any new version of the VIRTO Software that VIRTO may from time to time introduce and market generally as a distinct licensed product (as may be indicated by VIRTO's designation of a new version number), and which VIRTO may make available to Licensee at an additional cost under a separate written agreement.</p>
<p>"<strong>Visitors</strong>" means and refers to visitors to Licensee's Sites.</p>
<h4>2. LICENSE AND SUPPORT SUBSCRIPTION</h4>
<p><strong>2.1</strong> <u>VIRTO Software License Grant</u>. Subject to Licensee's payment of the applicable fees and Licensee's compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the restrictions in Section 4, VIRTO hereby grants Licensee during the Subscription Term a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable (except as set forth herein), personal, revocable and limited worldwide license to reproduce, install, use and create derivative works of the VIRTO Software, as set forth in the applicable Order Form, in accordance with the technical documentation of the VIRTO Software and for the sole purpose of running Licensee's Sites.</p>
<p><strong>2.2</strong> <u>Support Services</u>. Subject to Licensee's payment of the applicable fees and Licensee's compliance with this Agreement, VIRTO shall provide to Licensee the Support Services ("<strong>Support Services</strong>") as described in the Enterprise Edition Support Services Terms attached hereto ("<strong>Support Services Terms</strong>").</p>
<p><strong>2.3</strong> <u>Audit Rights</u>. VIRTO reserves the right to (a) audit Licensee's use of the VIRTO Software during normal business hours and with reasonable but not less than fifteen (15) days' written notice and (b) include means within the VIRTO Software to audit or limit Licensee's use of the VIRTO Software consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. VIRTO, at its own expense, may, for a period of two (2) years after each year of the Term, on its own or through an auditor selected by VIRTO (the "<strong>Auditor</strong>"), have access to the relevant financial records of Licensee for the purpose of verifying any payments due under this Agreement for the preceding year, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any financial records related to Online Revenues. All information and materials made available to or otherwise obtained by the Auditor in connection with such audit shall be deemed Licensee's confidential information. If the audit shows that payments made by Licensee are deficient, VIRTO may increase the license fee for the then-current year and each subsequent year based on the Current Pricing. Licensee shall pay VIRTO the deficient amount for the then-current year within thirty (30) calendar days after Licensee's receipt of the audit report, with interest at the rate of the lesser of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law; provided that if the audit reveals any such deficiency, then Licensee shall promptly pay VIRTO all reasonable auditor costs incurred by VIRTO relating to such audit.</p>
<p><strong>2.4</strong> <u>Use of Virto Commerce Community Edition</u>. As an express condition of the licenses granted by VIRTO hereunder, Licensee shall not use the Virto Commerce Community Edition during the Term.</p>
<p><strong>2.5</strong> <u>Modifications by Licensee</u>. VIRTO also grants Licensee the right to create Modifications to the Software. Licensee may contribute the IP Rights in any of those Modifications back to VIRTO. Licensee may contact VIRTO for more information regarding contributions of derivative works rights to VIRTO. Regardless of whether Licensee contributes such IP Rights to VIRTO, Licensee hereby grants to VIRTO, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, (irrespective of the expiration or termination of this Agreement) worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) in such IP Rights to reproduce, create derivative works of, modify, use, distribute, perform, display, make, have made, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise exploit any Modifications. To the extent that the foregoing license is not enforceable, Licensee hereby irrevocably waives and agrees to never assert such IP Rights, or any other right in such Modifications, against VIRTO or its direct or indirect sublicensees.</p>
<p><strong>2.6</strong> Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensee may permit a third party to access the VIRTO Software solely in connection with the development or operation of Licensee's Sites; provided, that (i) the third party is bound by a valid and enforceable written agreement with Licensee, at least protective of VIRTO as this Agreement, to access and use the VIRTO Software solely as needed to provide the contracted services to Licensee in connection with the applicable Sites; (ii) such third party has agreed to the terms of Section 2.5 or substantially similar language granting Licensee or VIRTO the same rights to any Modifications made by such third party; and (iii) Licensee shall be responsible for all acts and omissions by such third party as if they were Licensee's acts and omissions. Upon VIRTO's request, Licensee will provide VIRTO a list of such third parties.</p>
<p><strong>2.7</strong> <u>Government Licensees</u>. The VIRTO Software licensed under this Agreement is "commercial computer software" as that term is defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation ("<strong>FAR</strong>") at FAR 2.101, and is comprised of commercial computer software and commercial computer software documentation (collectively, the "<strong>Commercial Software</strong>"). If the Commercial Software is licensed or acquired by or on behalf of a civilian agency of the U.S. Government, the U.S. Government's rights to use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose the Commercial Software are as set forth in this Agreement, consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Computer Software) of the FAR and any successor regulation. If acquired by or on behalf of any agency within the Department of Defense ("<strong>DOD</strong>"), the U.S. Government's rights to use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose the Commercial Software are as set forth in this Agreement, consistent with 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 of the DOD FAR Supplement ("<strong>DFARS</strong>") and any successor regulation. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, in a case of contradiction between this Government Licensees clause and any other FAR, DFARS, or other clause or provisions that address Government rights in the Commercial Software that may be included in any other agreement under which the Commercial Software is licensed or acquired, this Government Licensees clause will prevail.</p>
<p><strong>2.8</strong> <u>Analytics Data</u>.</p>
<p><strong>2.8.1</strong> <u>Grant of Access to Analytics Data</u>. Licensee shall do at least one of the following with respect to Analytics Data:</p>
<p><strong>(a)</strong> add VIRTO as a sub-account to Licensee's Google Analytics account; or</p>
<p><strong>(b)</strong> add VIRTO to Licensee's master New Relic, Inc. ("New Relic") account for any new or existing New Relic extension installed in the VIRTO Software by Licensee.</p>
<p><strong>2.8.2</strong> VIRTO may from time to time specify other Analytics Data services or analytics products, software or technologies that perform the same or similar functions as Google Analytics and New Relic. Notwithstanding Section 2.8.1, Licensee shall comply with any such new data analytics requirements as directed by VIRTO.</p>
<p><strong>2.8.3</strong> <u>Data License</u>. Licensee hereby grants VIRTO a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free right and license to use all data (including Analytics Data and any unique account identifiers) provided to VIRTO by Licensee, or at Licensee's direction, for the purposes of (i) providing Support Services and other services to Licensee; (ii) improving the VIRTO Software; (iii) performing analyses related to the VIRTO Software and Licensee's use of the VIRTO Software. The foregoing license includes the right for VIRTO to develop and publish or otherwise make available broadly applicable insights regarding aggregated data from multiple VIRTO Software licensees, but only when the Analytics Data has been aggregated or de-identified so that such insights cannot reasonably be used to identify Licensee's Visitors.</p>
<h4>3. PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY</h4>
<p><strong>3.1</strong> Licensee represents, warrants, and covenants that:</p>
<p><strong>(a)</strong> all sharing of Analytics Data, Transaction Data or any other information, including Personal Information, with VIRTO is done in compliance with all applicable Privacy and Data Security Laws;</p>
<p><strong>(b)</strong> if it maintains a Site, it places a conspicuous notice thereon instructing Visitors how to express choices with respect to the use of Personal Information for marketing or analytic purposes;</p>
<p><strong>(c)</strong> it provides notice to its Visitors in Licensee's consumer facing privacy notice as well as elsewhere on the Site that Analytics Data and Transaction Data will be collected from Visitors to Licensee's Sites and shared with VIRTO;</p>
<p><strong>(d)</strong> Visitors are provided with a link to the relevant privacy notice of any third party with which Analytics Data may be shared;</p>
<p><strong>(e)</strong> the choices it provides Visitors for the collection and sharing of Personal Information or any other data are in compliance with applicable Privacy and Data Security Laws and cover sharing of Personal Information under this agreement with VIRTO;</p>
<p><strong>(f)</strong> all collection and sharing of Personal Information is done in accordance with the Visitor's expressed choices;</p>
<p><strong>(g)</strong> all sharing of data with VIRTO is in compliance with any and all applicable global cross-border transfer and data localization provisions of any Privacy and Data Security Laws;</p>
<p><strong>(h)</strong> it shall not share health information, financial information, or information about children or minors with VIRTO; and</p>
<p><strong>(i)</strong> Licensee has reasonable measures in place to ensure that health information, financial information, and information of children or minors is not shared with VIRTO.</p>
<h4>4. RESTRICTIONS</h4>
<p><strong>4.1</strong> <u>Restrictions</u>. Except as expressly authorized herein, Licensee shall not:</p>
<p><strong>4.1.1</strong> distribute, sublicense, disclose, market, rent, lease, resell; offer remote computing services, networking, or batch processing; transfer the VIRTO Software to any third party; or permit any person or entity to have access to the VIRTO Software by means of time sharing, remote computing services, networking, batch processing, service bureau or a time sharing arrangement; or</p>
<p><strong>4.1.2</strong> provide, use, or allow others to use, the VIRTO Software, including any source code, for the benefit of third parties.</p>
<p><strong>4.2</strong> <u>No License to VIRTO Marks</u>. No license, right or interest in any VIRTO trademarks, trade names or service marks is granted hereunder.</p>
<h4>5. OWNERSHIP</h4>
<p><strong>5.1</strong> <u>VIRTO Software</u>. As between VIRTO and Licensee, VIRTO owns all right, title and interest in and to (a) all copies of the VIRTO Software (including all Updates thereto), and (b) all IP Rights related to or embodied in each of the foregoing, whether such rights are registered or unregistered and wherever in the world those rights may exist. There are no implied licenses to IP Rights in this Agreement. All rights not granted hereunder are expressly reserved by VIRTO.</p>
<p><strong>5.2</strong> <u>Open Source Software</u>. Licensee acknowledges that the Software includes various open source software, including the Open Source Software, which is governed by the applicable license terms thereof. The Open Source Software provided under such license agreements is subject to the provisions of such license agreements and not this Agreement, except as expressly provided herein.</p>
<h4>6. CONFIDENTIALITY</h4>
<p>Licensee acknowledges that the Software provided by VIRTO and the financial terms of this Agreement are confidential and proprietary information of VIRTO, and Licensee agrees to protect this confidential information from misappropriation and unauthorized use or disclosure, and will protect such confidential information using methods at least as strong as those taken to protect its own confidential information of a similar nature, but using no less than a reasonable standard of care.Without limiting the foregoing, the Licensee will use such confidential information solely for the purposes authorized by this Agreement and disclose such confidential information only to its employees, agents, consultants, and others who have a need to know the confidential information for the same purposes and who have executed a confidentiality agreement with Licensee with use and disclosure restrictions at least as protective of VIRTO as this Section 6. Licensee will not, and will not allow any Person to, remove or deface any confidentiality or proprietary notice placed on or in the VIRTO Software or documentation, and will reproduce such notices on each copy it makes of the VIRTO Software or documentation.</p>
<h4>7. INDEMNIFICATION</h4>
<p><strong>7.1</strong> <u>Indemnification by VIRTO</u>. Subject to the exclusions in Section 7.4, VIRTO shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensee from and against any and all liabilities, losses, costs, expenses, settlement amounts, and damages (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by Licensee arising out of any suit or proceeding by a third party (other than an Affiliate of a Licensee) arising from allegations that the VIRTO Software, or any use of the VIRTO Software in accordance with this Agreement (including the documentation), infringes any United States patent or copyright.</p>
<p><strong>7.2</strong> <u>Indemnification by Licensee</u>. Licensee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless VIRTO from and against any and all liabilities, losses, costs, expenses, settlement amounts, and damages (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by VIRTO arising out of any suit or proceeding by a third party arising from Licensee's use of the Software or Licensee's breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Licensee under this Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any breach of Section 3.</p>
<p><strong>7.3</strong> <u>Indemnification Procedure</u>. Each party shall promptly notify the other party in writing of any action for which such party believes it is entitled to be indemnified pursuant to Section 7.1 or Section 7.2, as applicable. The party seeking indemnification (the "Indemnitee") shall cooperate with the other party (the "Indemnitor") at the Indemnitor's sole cost and expense. The Indemnitor shall immediately take control of the defense and investigation of such action and shall employ counsel of its choice to handle and defend the same, at the Indemnitor's sole cost and expense. The Indemnitee's failure to perform any obligations under this Section 7.3 will not relieve the Indemnitor of its obligations under this Section 7 except to the extent that the Indemnitor can demonstrate that it has been prejudiced as a result of such failure. The Indemnitee may participate in and observe the proceedings at its own cost and expense with counsel of its own choosing.</p>
<p><strong>7.4</strong> <u>Exclusions</u>. VIRTO shall have no liability or obligation to indemnify the Licensee under this Section 7 to the extent the alleged infringement is based on (a) the Open Source Software or any other third party software; (b) Modifications and any other modifications or derivative works of the VIRTO Software developed by anyone other than VIRTO; (c) a combination of the VIRTO Software with the Open Source Software or any software, product or service not provided by VIRTO; (d) use of the VIRTO Software in any manner for which there is not a current and paid up subscription for both a VIRTO Software license and for Support Services; (e) use of the VIRTO Software other than in accordance with this Agreement or the documentation; (f) use of an older version of the VIRTO Software if a more recent version of the VIRTO Software would have avoided the infringement; (g) Licensee's failure to implement any Updates or other modifications or replacements of the VIRTO Software made available to Licensee by VIRTO or as directed by VIRTO; (h) VIRTO's compliance with any designs, materials, specifications or instructions provided by Licensee; (i) indirect infringement or any enhanced damages caused by willful infringement; (j) Licensee's violation of any third party privacy rights under any Privacy and Data Security Laws; or (k) any actions or losses for which Licensee is obligated to indemnify VIRTO pursuant to Section 7.2.</p>
<p><strong>7.5</strong> <u>Replacement</u>. In the event that a court holds that the VIRTO Software, or if VIRTO believes a court may hold that the VIRTO Software infringes any United States patent or copyright, VIRTO shall in its sole discretion, do one of the following: (a) obtain for Licensee the right to continue using the VIRTO Software; (b) replace or modify the VIRTO Software so that it becomes non-infringing while providing substantially equivalent performance; or (c) accept return of the VIRTO Software, terminate this Agreement, and refund Licensee a pro rata amount of the prepaid but unused Subscription fees paid to VIRTO based on the percentage of the remaining Subscription Term.</p>
<p><strong>7.6</strong> <u>Entire Liability</u>. THIS SECTION 7 STATES VIRTO'S ENTIRE LIABILITY AND LICENSEE'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE. LICENSEE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY OTHER LIABILITIES OR OBLIGATIONS OF VIRTO WITH RESPECT THERETO.</p>
<h4>8. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION</h4>
<p><strong>8.1</strong> <u>Term</u>. The Term of each subscription, including any Renewal Terms, shall be specified on the applicable Order Form.</p>
<p><strong>8.2</strong> <u>Default</u>. An event of default shall be deemed to occur if: (a) Licensee breaches Section 2 (License and Support Subscription), Section 3 (Privacy and Data Security), Section 4 (Restrictions), Section 5 (Ownership), or Section 6 (Confidentiality); (b) Licensee fails to pay amounts due pursuant to an Order Form; or (c) either party fails to perform any other material obligation under this Agreement and such failure remains uncured for more than thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof.</p>
<p><strong>8.3</strong> <u>Notice of Default</u>. If an event of default occurs, the non-defaulting party, in addition to any other rights available to it under the law, may terminate this Agreement and any or all Subscriptions granted hereunder to the Software by written notice to the defaulting party (except for the license granted by Licensee to VIRTO in Section 2.5 (Modifications by Licensee)).</p>
<p><strong>8.4</strong> <u>Effect of Default</u>. Within thirty (30) days after termination of this Agreement or expiration of the Subscription Term, Licensee shall certify in writing to VIRTO that Licensee has ceased use of the VIRTO Software and that all copies or embodiments thereof (including related documentation) in any form, including partial copies within modified versions, have been destroyed.</p>
<p><strong>8.5</strong> <u>Termination by VIRTO</u>. VIRTO may terminate this Agreement on thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Licensee in the event VIRTO discontinues general commercial production, maintenance or support of the VIRTO Software.</p>
<p><strong>8.6</strong> <u>Survival</u>. This Section 8.6 and the following Sections shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement: Section 1 (Definitions), Section 2.3 (Audit Rights), Section 2.5 (Modifications by Licensee), Section 2.8.3 (Data License), Section 3 (Privacy and Data Security), Section 4 (Restrictions), Section 5 (Ownership), Section 6 (Confidentiality), Section 7 (Indemnification), Section 8.4 (Effect of Default), Section 9.2 (Disclaimer of All Other Warranties), Section 10 (Limitation of Liability), Section 12 (Notices), Section 13 (Assignment), Section 15 (Entire Agreement), and Section 16 (General).</p>
<h4>9. WARRANTY</h4>
<p><strong>9.1</strong> <u>Warranty for Software</u>. VIRTO warrants for a single period of ninety (90) days commencing upon the execution of the initial Order Form that the VIRTO Software, as delivered, will substantially perform in accordance with the specifications contained in the documentation provided with the VIRTO Software. In the event that the VIRTO Software fails to comply with the foregoing warranty, Licensee shall send written notice to VIRTO prior to the expiration of the warranty period and such notice will describe in reasonable detail the nature of the breach of the foregoing warranty. In the event that the VIRTO Software does not, in all material respects, perform the functions therein described, VIRTO will undertake commercially reasonable efforts to correct any reported error in accordance with the Support Services Terms, which shall be VIRTO's entire liability and Licensee's exclusive remedy for breach of this warranty.</p>
<p><strong>9.2</strong> <u>DISCLAIMER OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES</u>. THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 9 ARE THE ONLY WARRANTIES MADE BY VIRTO WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED BY VIRTO. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 9, ALL SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS PROVIDED "AS IS." VIRTO MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, OR ARISING BY CUSTOM OR TRADE USAGE, AND, SPECIFICALLY, MAKES NO WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. VIRTO'S EXPRESS WARRANTIES SHALL NOT BE ENLARGED, DIMINISHED OR AFFECTED BY, AND NO OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY SHALL ARISE OUT OF, VIRTO RENDERING TECHNICAL OR OTHER ADVICE OR SERVICE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE. VIRTO does not warrant that the Software will meet Licensee's requirements, that the Software will operate in the combinations, which Licensee may select for use, that the operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that all error conditions will be corrected.</p>
<h4>10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY</h4>
<p><strong>10.1</strong> UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL VIRTO BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR COSTS (INCLUDING ATTORNEY'S FEES) RESULTING FROM ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT; OR FOR ANY LOSS OF REVENUE; LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR SAVINGS; LOSS OF BUSINESS; LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION; LOSS OF, DAMAGE TO, BREACH OF, OR CORRUPTION OF DATA; BREACH OF SECURITY; OR COSTS OF COVER, EVEN IF VIRTO WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR UNFORESEEABLE. THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT APPLY TO SUBSCRIPTION FEES PAYABLE TO VIRTO.</p>
<p>NOTWITHSTANDING THE FORM (E.G., CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) IN WHICH ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION MAY BE BROUGHT, IN NO EVENT WILL VIRTO OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR CUMULATIVE, AGGREGATE DAMAGES, EXPENSES, COSTS, LITIGATION DEFENSE COSTS, FEES, LIABILITIES, SUITS, CLAIMS, RESTITUTION SETTLEMENTS OR LOSSES, THAT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID BY LICENSEE IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE FIRST EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE ACTION. THIS LIABILITY CAP IS CUMULATIVE, WITH ALL PAYMENTS BEING AGGREGATED TO DETERMINE SATISFACTION OF THE LIMIT. THE EXISTENCE OF TWO OR MORE CLAIMS OR SUITS, WHETHER RELATED OR NOT, WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT.</p>
<p><strong>10.2</strong> <u>APPLICABILITY</u>. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 10 (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY) (A) SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, (B) ARE AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND SHALL APPLY EVEN IF AN EXCLUSIVE OR LIMITED REMEDY STATED HEREIN FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, AND (C) SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE NATURE OF THE CLAIM OR ACTION, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY.</p>
<h4>11. CONTENT LICENSES</h4>
<p>Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Licensee hereby grants to VIRTO during the Term a non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, distribute, and publicly display (in digital or analog formats) the name, logo and website of Licensee, only as necessary to promote the VIRTO Software in a manner consistent with this Agreement.</p>
<h4>12. NOTICES</h4>
<p>All notices shall be in writing and sent by first class mail or overnight mail (or courier), transmitted by facsimile (if confirmed by such mailing), or email, to the addresses indicated on the Order Form, or such other address as either party may indicate by at least ten (10) days' prior written notice to the other party. Notices to VIRTO shall be sent to the Legal Counsel.</p>
<h4>13. ASSIGNMENT</h4>
<p>VIRTO may assign this Agreement, or transfer any right or delegate any duty hereunder, without the consent of Licensee. Licensee shall not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any of its obligations or performance, under this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without VIRTO's prior written consent. Any purported assignment, delegation or transfer in violation of this Section 13 shall be null and void. This Agreement is binding on and inures to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.</p>
<h4>14. EXPORT AND IMPORT RESTRICTIONS</h4>
<p>The VIRTO Software and its documentation that are licensed under this Agreement may be subject to the U.S. Export Administration Act (50 USC 2401-2420) and the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) (15 CFR 768-799) promulgated thereunder; the U.S. Arms Export Control Act (22 USC 2751-2779) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR 120-130) promulgated thereunder; the Regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (31 CFR 500-599); and export or import restrictions of any other jurisdiction as may apply to the export or import of such software and computer software documentation. Licensee shall comply with any and all such applicable export and import laws and regulations, including any applicable restrictions relating to sanctioned countries and denied parties.</p>
<h4>15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT</h4>
<p>The Agreement, including any applicable Order Form, is the complete and exclusive agreement between the parties, which supersedes all proposals or prior agreements, oral or written agreement, and all other communications between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof.</p>
<h4>16. GENERAL</h4>
<p>This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles that provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction. All proceedings shall be conducted in English. Venue for all proceedings shall be Los Angeles County, California, provided that VIRTO may seek injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction. The United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods is excluded in its entirety. The section headings herein are provided for convenience only and have no substantive effect on the construction of this Agreement. Except for Licensee's obligation to pay VIRTO, neither party shall be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond its reasonable control. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, this Agreement shall be construed without such provision. The failure by a party to exercise any right hereunder shall not operate as a waiver of such party's right to exercise such right or any other right in the future. VIRTO may modify this Agreement prior to any renewal of this Agreement, with such modifications to take effect upon such renewal. The parties agree to receive electronic documents and accept electronic signatures (information attached or logically associated with such document and clicked or otherwise adopted with an intent to sign) including in counterparts, which shall be valid substitutes for paper-based documents and signatures, and the legal validity of a transaction will not be denied on the ground that it is not in writing. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and without any additional consideration, each party shall execute and deliver any further legal instruments and perform any acts that are or may become reasonably necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.</p>

<h2>Support Services Terms and Conditions</h2>

<p>Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, and Licensee’s payment of the applicable fees for support services as set forth in the Order Form, VIRTO shall provide to Licensee the Support Services as set forth in this Exhibit A (the “Support Terms”). &nbsp;Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms will have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.</p>

<h4>1. "Support Services" consists of:</h4>

<p>1.1. VIRTO will support Releases and Minor Releases of the Software for two (2) years from the availability date of each applicable Release and Minor Release.</p>

<p>1.2. Advice regarding the downloading, installation and configuration of the Software (including Updates provided by VIRTO, but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Modifications to the Software), when used by Licensee on systems that meet the Software's "System Requirements" specified on VIRTO's website currently located at VirtoCommerce.com and its related sites as may be updated by VIRTO from time to time (collectively, the “Site”).</p>

<p>1.3. Facilities for bug tracking, escalation of problems for priority attention, and access to community-supported FAQs relating to the Software.</p>

<p>1.4. Assistance with troubleshooting to diagnose and fix errors in the Software.</p>

<p>1.5. Access to VIRTO documentation relating to the Software, including authorization to make copies of that documentation for internal use as specified in the Agreement.</p>

<h4>2. Exclusions from Support Services</h4>

<p>2.1. VIRTO shall have no obligation to support (i) Software not operated on a supported hardware/operating system platform specified in the release notes for the Software; (ii) altered or modified Software; (iii) Software accessed on unlicensed Servers; (iv) problems caused by Licensee's negligence, misuse, or hardware malfunction; or (v) use of the Software inconsistent with VIRTO's instructions. VIRTO is not responsible for hardware changes necessitated by changes to the Software.</p>

<p>2.2. Support Services does not include:</p>

<ol>
	<li>Assistance in the development or debugging of Licensee's system, including the operating system and support tools.</li>
	<li>Information and assistance on technical issues related to the installation, administration, and use of enabling technologies such as databases, computer networks, and communications.</li>
	<li>Assistance with the installation and configuration of hardware including, but not limited to computers, hard disks, networks, and printers.</li>
	<li>Technical support, phone support, or updates to non-VIRTO products or third party enabling technologies not licensed under the Agreement.</li>
</ol>

<h4>3. Subcontractors</h4>

<p>VIRTO reserves the right to subcontract any or all of the work to be performed under these Support Terms, and VIRTO retains responsibility for any work so subcontracted.</p>

<h4>4. Licensee Responsibilities</h4>

<p>Licensee shall provide commercially reasonable cooperation and full information to VIRTO or its authorized resellers with respect to the furnishing of Support Services under this Agreement.</p>

<h4>5. Support Contacts</h4>

<p>Licensee shall designate one or more support contacts that are authorized to submit Software problems. If Licensee has purchased the license from a VIRTO-authorized reseller, Licensee shall contact that party for assistance. If Licensee has purchased the license directly from VIRTO, Licensee may contact VIRTO on the Site or at its toll-free Support telephone number.</p>

<h4>6. Response (Acknowledgement) Times</h4>

<p>VIRTO or its authorized reseller or referral partner shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to meet the response times specified below for Standard Support (unless Licensee has upgraded to Professional or Enterprise Support, as provided in the Order Form).</p>

<h4>7. Problem Priority</h4>

<p>Upon receipt of a properly submitted Software problem, as specified on the Site, Support Services shall be prioritized in accordance with the guidelines below:</p>

<p>7.1. Priority 1 ("P1") - A P1 is a catastrophic production problem within the Software that severely impacts the Licensee's Production Server Instance, or because of which Licensee's Production Server Instance is down or not functioning, or that results in a loss of production data and no work around exists. P1 problems must be reported on VIRTO's toll-free support telephone number in order to expedite resolution. VIRTO will use continuous efforts 24x7x365, with appropriate escalation to senior management, to provide a resolution for any P1 problem as soon as is commercially reasonable.</p>

<p>7.2. Priority 2 ("P2") - A P2 is a problem within the Software where the Licensee's system is functioning but in a reduced capacity, or the Problem is causing significant impact to portions of the Licensee's business operations and productivity, or the Software is exposed to potential loss or interruption of service. Problems existing in a non-production environment that would otherwise qualify as a P1 if they were in a production system qualify as P2. VIRTO will use efforts during its normal hours of operation, 24 hours a day, (Monday - Friday) to provide a resolution for any P2 problem as soon as is commercially reasonable.</p>

<p>7.3. Priority 3 ("P3") - A P3 is a medium-to-low impact problem that involves partial and/or non-critical loss of functionality, or that impairs some operations but allows Licensee's operations to continue to function. Problems for which there is limited or no loss or functionality or impact to Licensee's operation and for which there is an easy work-around qualify as P3. VIRTO will use reasonable efforts during its normal hours of operation<span style="line-height: 20.7999992370605px;">, 24 hours a day, (Monday - Friday)</span> to provide a resolution for any P3 problem in time for the next minor release of the Software.</p>

<p>7.4. Priority 4 ("P4") - A P4 is for a general usage question or issue that may be cosmetic in nature or documentation related, but the Software works without interruption.&nbsp; VIRTO will use efforts during its normal hours of operation<span style="line-height: 20.7999992370605px;">, 24 hours a day, (Monday - Friday)</span> to provide a resolution for any P4 problem in time for the next major release of the Software.</p>

<p>7.5. Enhancement Request ("ER") - An ER is a recommendation for future product enhancement or modification to add official support and documentation for an unsupported or undocumented feature, or features that do not exist in the Software. VIRTO will take ERs into consideration in the product management process, but has no obligation to deliver enhancements based on any ER.</p>

<h4>8. Response Times</h4>

<p>VIRTO will provide Support Services and any Updates to Licensee during the periods identified in the Order Form and the default and termination shall be governed by Article 6 of the Agreement. &nbsp;Licensee's obligation of payment of moneys due under these Support Terms shall survive termination of these Support Terms or the Agreement. &nbsp;Licensee acknowledges and agrees that VIRTO shall have the right to terminate the provision of Support Services upon nonpayment of any fees due to VIRTO.</p>
<h6><span style="font-size: 13px; line-height: 1.6em;">Last Updated: April 10, 2017</span></h6>
</div>
</article>
